hey guys so this is another bun tutorial
for short hair it's gonna be this side
bun it's uber easy and really quick I
had to do it today for work all you're
gonna do is just you can play your hair
back normally but I like to run my
fingers through it because I don't like
having to line there and then everything
pushed over and then you get a pump
where your creases okay and all you're
gonna do is pull it over into a side
ponytail back behind your ear or
wherever you're comfortable with it grab
as much hair as you can and I have
issues with hair falling out but we'll
show you I'll show you how to fix that
so you can puff it up smooth it over and
all you're gonna do is hold it as if
you're tying it into a ponytail and then
again like the last one you're gonna
find the mail to point out and split it
so then your hair folds back over your
hand and then you're gonna hold it so
like that but I have really really short
hair so I fold it over my fingers and
then you can fix the other pieces then
you're just gonna take the lastik
and if you like your buns loose let it
stay loose but I like mine kind of tight
so you have your side bun um I like to
leave my hair down but if you want you
can bobby pin it and see right here I'll
show you what to do just take it back as
far as it'll go because I have layers so
it only goes back about half way to my
head and you're gonna take the bobby pin
push it in hold it up and back down it
should hide most of it I can't really
see it right now so I don't know what
exactly I did most of the bobby pins
should be hidden and there you go guys
quick fun tutorial hope you liked it